0.  What is pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis?
    is a pneumoconiosis caused by inhalation of very fine
    silicate or quartz dust.

1.  According to its man page, what does getrusage do?
    returns resource usage measures for who
    
2.  Per that same man page, how many members are in a variable of type struct rusage?
    16
    
3.  Why do you think we pass before and after by reference (instead of by value) to calculate, even though we’re not changing their contents?
    We want before and after to point to the data given to us be getrusaga
    
4.  Explain as precisely as possible, in a paragraph or more, how main goes about reading words from a file. In other words, convince us that you indeed understand how that function’s for loop works.
    1. Create an array of chars of length 46 to fit at max a word of 45 length and a null terminator
    2. Go through text one character at a time
    3. If character is alphabet or apostrophe thats not at beginning of word add that chracter to the word array
    4. If somehow word happens to be longer than LENGTH go through rest of word ignoring the remaining characters
    5. If word has a digit in it ignore the word
    6. If character is not a digit or char that we can add to word it must be a word seperator. So if word has more than one char in it terminate the word with '\0' 
    7. Check if that word is misspelled and increment the appropriate variables 

5.  Why do you think we used fgetc to read each word’s characters one at a time rather than use fscanf with a format string like "%s" to read whole words at a time? Put another way, what problems might arise by relying on fscanf alone?
    fscanf will be working with the whole text which could be in the megabytes so it could that along time to find all the matches
    
6.  Why do you think we declared the parameters for check and load as const?
    We dont want to end up changing them. 
    
7.  What data structure(s) did you use to implement your spell-checker? Be sure not to leave your answer at just "hash table," "trie," or the like. Expound on what’s inside each of your "nodes."
    Technically called a trie but really just arrays with pointers to other arrays.
    
8.  How slow was your code the first time you got it working correctly?
    Around 0.5 for shakespeare text.
    
9.  TWhat kinds of changes, if any, did you make to your code in order to improve its performance?
    None, have not looked over my code this is first working version
    
10. Do you feel that your code has any bottlenecks that you were not able to chip away at?
    Not sure have not looked into speeding up the code.
